# Password Rememberer
#### Video Demo:  <URL HERE>
#### Description:
I have created a website using HTML, CSS and Javascript. This website helps users keep track of their passwords because they are able to log their passwords to different websites they use by entering the name of the website and the password to match it. Once they have completed the input fields their passwords will be stored in a table and will also be kept in local storage so they do not lose their passwords when they have shut down the browser. This would come in handy is you have forgot your password because you will be able to find it in the table in the Password Rememberer.

The JSON file has been set up in order for me to store the inputs in local storage. I am storing the inputs in local storage because this ensures that any data the user has entered into the Password Remeberer in the past continues to be stored so that the user can access all of the passwords they have inputted into the website I have created. When users return to the Password Rememberer, all of the passwords they have ever inputted may not be visable on the table so the local storage set up is required because this is where all of the data about the passwords will be stored regardless of whether historic inputs have remained in the table or not.

I created a HTML file with HTML code because I have used this to be able to format the body of the website which will include the text boxes and the password table. First of all, I used the body tag in order to assign it to the onload value so that the HTML is able to communicate with the JavaScript code and in this case specifically, so the inputted passwords are able to be stored in the password table and the local storage. Then I used the DIV tag to group together the title heading one of the website which is "Welcome to your Password Rememberer" and the two text boxes (the Website Name box and the Password box). The website name box is where the users input the name of the website that corresponds to the password they are storing. For example, if this is a password for CS50 they user will put that in the website name box. The password text box is where the user will input their passwords. The Store Password button is used to send the inputted values to the local storage and the password table. I used the table attribute to be able to create a table in HTML which has a heading for both the website name and the corresponding password. The tbody is assigned to an id which is called "fillAsGo" which means that there are no static additions to the table because a password is added to the table when submitted using the store password button and the tbody is programmed in the JavaScript to logically add passwords rather than manually.

As for the JavaScript file, this has been created in order to program the highly required logic to the website so that essentially the inputted values can be delivered to the password table and the local storage. I have firstly used an addEventListener to be able to load up the logic for the program when the website is opened. The first function is programmed to ensure that the values that have been inputted through the website name table and the password table are kept in local storage and also displayed in the local storage through the key value pairs. The second function is used to ensure that the inputted details about the passwords are displayed and stored in the table which i have programmed in the HTML code using table attributes. This is done by calling the array used to store the local storage values and to then input them into the table which i have been able to do by actually programming in HTML in the JavaScript code. The code gets the "fillAsGo" ID and uses the inner HTML to display the output which is for the values to be entered on the table.

Finally, in order to style the HTML body of the program I have made use of CSS where I am able to add visual details to the HTML and essentially decorate the website. The main colour of the text I decided to program to be a hot shade of pink and this was carried out consistently throughout the website with various buttons, tables and text being given the same colouring. Additionally, in terms of consistency, I used the same two fonts (Impact and Arial) on the website because I wanted to ensure that the site looked professional and this can be done by making use of the same fonts as I think that shows structure throughout the display. I have also used CSS to determine the size of the text, buttons and boxes and also to assign the size of the font and the sizing of tables and corners of different elements.


